Exponential Histogram Datatypes (#4165)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

  The package contains semantic conventions from the `v1.19.0` version of the OpenTelemetry specification. (#3848)
- The `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.20.0` package.
  The package contains semantic conventions from the `v1.20.0` version of the OpenTelemetry specification. (#4078)

> - The Exponential Histogram data types to the sdk. (#????)

Reviewer: This needs to be in the unreleased section.

```suggestion
- The Exponential Histogram data types to the metric SDK. (#4165)
```

Reviewer 2: Or even

```suggestion
- The Exponential Histogram data types in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric/metricdata`. (#4165)
```
